## Spring Festival self-driving travel route

### Reflective Analysis
#### The goal of the map: 
I name this map “Spring Festival self-driving travel route”. It is initially inspired by my families when one week ago my mom asked me where they could go for their Spring Festival holidays. Since Chongqing is cold in the winter, I recommended them to drive to southern China. Thus, the map is trying to help my parents and brother to plan their trip in a reasonable schedule.

#### About the data: 
Because it is a personal tailored trip, there is no existing data for me to use. Through searching travel strategies in traveling websites and driving routes in google map, finally, I selected 5 stops (including the starting point) and several tourist attractions near these stops. Beihai and Guilin are the main target cities on the trip. Beihai is a good choice for winter holidays because of its warm temperature and beautiful sea views. Though Guilin is not as warm as Beihai, it is still worth to go for the amazing karst landscape. So tour attractions are mostly located near the two cities. Nandan is a tiny county. Considering my parents can not consistently drive 16 hours from Chongqing to Beihai, I chose Nandan as a midpoint to have a rest. Guiyang is the last stop before they arrived home. After several days of driving, they could be very tired to explore more attractions, so I only listed one waterfall if they were interested. Temperature information for February (got from weather monitoring website) is presented in three different colors.  The background layer is covered by terrain, water, and national parks (if you zoomed in). My families would drive by these natural landscapes so I added these elements to the map. Other layers such as city and county boundaries/names,  landcover,  and buildings were removed from the map because the most time my families drive on the motorways (they do not have to enter into cities along the way). Road layer is also unnecessary because the map is designed for planning trip schedule rather than navigation.

#### For map visualization:
The color for three target provinces is changing with latitudes, reflecting the temperature changing. The background is colored in light cream. This is to address the visual hierarchy of the target area. By the way, all the colors were selected from a color scheme website. There are multiple zoom levels. The initial zoom level is around 5.5, letting the whole travel route and stops displayed on the screen. This zoom level also let us see several tiny stars, which symbols the tourist attractions. They are very small, which won’t affect the visual hierarchy of the stops. But they exist here so that people won’t ignore. If you zoomed in, the stars become larger, and if you zoomed out a little bit, they disappear. Zooming works on text and boundaries, too. State and country have different boundary width and opacity. state boundary and name can only be seen when zoomed in, and it always has a lower hierarchy than country boundary and name. Animation and interaction also used for better visualization. I used Javascript to animate the car symbol along the travel route, hope the map become more vivid. Name and description would appear for stops and tourist attractions once you clicked symbols.

### Critiques: 
 Other important factors: time and distance are absent from the map due to technical issues, however, self-drivers may very interested in these factors. In addition, the map would be clearer by adding title and legend.
 
 ### Map Link
 https://sirikat9012.github.io/Sirikat9012-web/472lab1/webmapping.html
